Add experimental status to readme.md (#51)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: README.md

[![Build status](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-ci/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.alexarchambault.scala-cli/cli_2.12.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.github.alexarchambault.scala-cli/cli_2.12)

> Scala-cli is experimental tool to run/compile/test Scala that one day may become new scala. Scala-cli is not a build tool even though it look similar to one.

Reviewer: s/Scala-cli/Scala CLI/g?
```suggestion
Scala CLI is experimental tool to run/compile/test Scala that one day may become the new `scala`. Scala CLI is not a build tool even though it look similar to one.
```

Reviewer: Better maybe:
```suggestion
Scala CLI is experimental tool to run/compile/test Scala that aims at being a better `scala` command. It shares some similarities with build tools, but doesn't aim at supporting multi-module projects, nor to be extended via a task system.
```
